Sorting Algorithm:
        1. Bubble Sort => Poor sorting Algorithm
                Bubble sort Idea: 
                        1. Compare adjacent elements in the array and swap he positions if they ae not in intended order.
                        2. Repeat the instruction as you step through each element in the array. 
                        3. once you step through the whole array with no swaps, the array is sorted.                  
        2. Insertion Sort
                Insertion sort Idea: 
                        1. Virtually split the array into a sorted and an unsorted part.
                        2. Assume that the first element is already sorted and remaining elements are unsorted.
                        3. Select an unsorted element and compare with all elements in the sorted part.
                        4. if the elements in the sorted part is smaller than the selected element, proceed to the next element in the unsorted part. Els, shift larger elements in the sorted part towards the right.
                        5. Insert the selected element at the right index.
                        6. Repeat till all the unsorted elements are placed in th right order.
        3. Quick Sort
                Quick sort Idea:
                        1. Identify the element as pivot.
                                pick first element as pivot
                                pick last element as pivot
                                pick random element as pivot
                                pick median as pivot
                        2. Put everything that's smaller than the pivot into left array and everything that's greater than the pivot into a right array.
                        3. Repeat the process for the individual left and right array till you have an array of length 1(which is sorted by definition)
                        4. Repeatedly concatenate the left array, pivot the right array till one sorted array remains.
        4. Merge Sort => Best time complexity
                Merge sort Idea:
                        1. Divide the array into sub arrays, each containing only one element.(an Array with one element is considered to be sorted)
                        2. Repeatedly merge the sub arrays to produce new sorted array until there is once one sub array remaining. That will be the sorted array.
